About the job
Company Description

Sopra Steria offers tailored, end-to-end corporate technology and software solutions to help clients make bold choices and deliver results. Successfully so! With more than 56.000 colleagues in 30 countries, we rank as Europe’s leading digital solutions provider. Some of the most successful companies in Europe rely on our technology due to our commitment to innovation, collaboration, and value in business development.

The world is how we shape it. Let’s shape it together.

Job Description

Digital transformation is the cornerstone of Sopra Steria’s commitment to innovation and collaboration. It’s what brings businesses up to the present and secures them for the future. It’s how we align our tech and business goals to keep pace with emerging tech trends and best practices. To do so, you’ll need a forward-thinking, long-view, adaptable mindset to go with your problem solving and analytical skills. Proficiency in cloud computing, data analytics, cybersecurity, and AI skills all help us to collaborate in the business ecosystem to manage digital projects and make adoption of new tech simple and beneficial.

Our Architects have the vision and leadership skills to make daring IT decisions that can make digital transformation a reality. Your ability to collaborate across teams and departments and your flexibility to adopt new technologies will help you enhance system performance, scalability, and security. Fulfil your software vision at Sopra Steria and align it with our business development goals. As a Sopra Steria Architect, you’ll have successful projects in your portfolio that can demonstrate your excellent problem-solving skills and commitment to continuous learning.

Qualifications

We’re seeking passionate colleagues who are eager to push the boundaries in digital transformation and technology consulting. At Sopra Steria, you’ll have the opportunity to grow your skills in a constructive, collaborative team environment, working on impactful projects that drive change for our clients. If you thrive on challenge and meet (most of) the qualifications below, we look forward to your application!

Your impact as Senior Digital Transformation Architect for the Utilities & Energy "required"

The Utilities market is in full transition. At Sopra Steria, we are enthusiastically participating in the digital acceleration within this sector through our Industry and Services market. We aim to grow our advisory agency for Utilities, helping our clients efficiently deal with both current and future challenges in energy transition and sustainable resource management by optimizing processes, improving asset utilization, and enhancing customer experiences.

Your role & responsibilities as Your impact as Senior Digital Transformation Architect for the Utilities & Energy "required"

As a Business Enterprise Architect, you will occupy a key position, crucial to growing our advisory agency within the utilities sector. You will play a significant role in expanding our Industry and Services market, and in executing our strategy to become the preferred digital business partner of our clients by 2026. Your role will be key in architecting digital solutions and strategies that put our clients at the forefront of the energy transition and smart utility management in a rapidly evolving market while driving the growth of our advisory services.

Design and architect digital transformation initiatives for energy, water, and waste management utilities.
Lead business framing and solution architecture for key digital themes such as (Transformation consulting, cybersecurity, Data & AI, applications & integrations, cloud & infrastructure).
Develop enterprise architecture blueprints that align IT direction with business objectives.
Actively contribute to growing our advisory agency by identifying new opportunities and expanding our client base in the utilities sector.
Create and implement innovative architectural strategies to increase our market share in the Utilities sector, with a focus on digital transformation and sustainability.

Your profile as Your impact as Senior Digital Transformation Architect for the Utilities & Energy "required"

Min 10 years’ experience of IT architecture experience, with 5+ years in digital transformation for the Utilities sector "REQUIRED".
Fluent in Dutch and English; French is a plus.
Proven track record in digital transformation initiatives, particularly in the energy sector and or water management projects.
Strong understanding of enterprise architecture frameworks and digital themes specific to utilities (e.g., Smart Grid, Energy Transition, Water Management Systems).
Professional network in the Utilities sector.
Excellent communication skills, able to articulate complex concepts to diverse stakeholders.
Strategic mindset with the ability to bridge business strategy and technical implementation.
Passion for innovative technology solutions in utilities, especially in areas of sustainability and resource efficiency.
Entrepreneurial spirit with a focus on growth and business development in the evolving utilities landscape.

As a member of one of Europe’s largest digital solutions providers, you’ll benefit from extensive career development opportunities, both local and international. At the Sopra Steria Academy, you’ll be part of a dynamic network of 56,000 professionals at all stages of their careers. With a wide array of offices to explore, you can find your ideal location and take the next step in your career. You’ll become a part of a major Tech player in Europe recognized for its consulting, digital services, and software development
