About the job
Make your mark for patients

We are looking for a Digital Solutions Architect who is strategic, collaborative, and future‑oriented to join our Digital Technology Manufacturing and Engineering team, based in our Braine office in Belgium.

About The Role

You will play a key role in shaping and delivering the digital transformation of the Patient Supply organization. Working closely with technology and business leaders, you will turn digital ambitions into actionable technology strategies, roadmaps, and state-of-the-art architectures and solutions. Your will drive large‑scale transformation programs, with a focus on our next‑generation biologics facility in the United States.

Who You’ll Work With

You will be working in a global team of digital technology experts, including infrastructure, enterprise architecture and cybersecurity experts. You will partner closely with engineering, manufacturing, automation and other Patient Supply leaders. You will have a unique opportunity to tackle leading-edge challenges in collaboration with multidisciplinary internal and external experts we have privileged access to thanks to our partnerships.

What You’ll Do

 Apply and grow your technology strategy and architecture expertise, crafting transformational solutions across the digital spectrum. 
 Co-create the (Manufacturing) Facility of the Future digital vision, ambition and enabling digital technology capabilities 
 Activate the digital ambitions by developing technology roadmaps and implementation plans, anchored in the Patient Supply domain and overarching enterprise architecture vision 
 Develop digital reference architectures, patterns and standards, and drive their adoption 
 Design end-to-end solution architectures that deliver business outcomes, and are cybersecure, resilient and compliant by design 
 Assess technology and vendor options, assessing business outcomes, operational constraints, strategic fit, risk, and total cost of ownership 
 Act as design authority and trusted advisor, guiding stakeholders through architectural options, trade‑offs, and decisions 
 Provide guidance on emerging technologies and trends, and strategic digital initiatives; develop points-of-view and formulate decision-ready recommendations 
 Foster a culture of innovation across the organization, while driving continuous improvements, internalizing and scaling learnings and best practices. 

 Interested? For this role we’re looking for the following education, experience and skills 

 Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, information systems, or a related field 
 Strong ability to shape strategy, define target architectures, and build pragmatic, value‑driven roadmaps 
 Proven experience in solution architecture within manufacturing or industrial environments 
 Solid understanding of cybersecurity, data integrity, and regulated environments 
 Excellent communication and influencing skills in English; French is a plus 
 Willingness to travel, including regular collaboration with teams in the United States 

Are you ready to ‘go beyond’ to create value and make your mark for patients? If this sounds like you, then we would love to hear from you!